oh well we'll Nicky Zach with the dogs
don't play every run through these
ranchos every day sick beats piquete so
Hobbs only gets nipples up on your white
tail three in alone welcome to
california where the thugs don't play
and we smoke that runs like everyday
sick be still street see gangster song
in it is happy on the block till three
in the mall I'm a rat back there heavy
ways like that bastard Chevy place to
blaze Oscar flowmasters wish that I have
one I got a handgun to make a nigga flip
get hit right at his ham once my damn
son who the fuck is this shotgun brought
my waist with a pistol grip and yes I
spish this shit that makes you wanna
move but make no mistake you couldn't
take me do I live throughout the blue
it's kind of sporadic actually it became
a habit from babbling with these
packaged pants saggin and she's put on
acts like Bob Saget I spit flames attack
emcees like that dragons you can't
happen a microphone descriptor throw
money at your home but she was a tip to
pull myself up now I'm ready to move
like animals at the zoo these cannibals
can consume
welcome to e sack with the Doug's gonna
play here we run through these ranchos
everyday sick beats speaking so Hobbs
only kiss nevels the one you like till
three in the lounge your shits bogus
fucking leash smoke quick like a fucking
roaches so don't even approach it I
think that you can stop it while I bro
SiC to react like a dope ass on the
track I just flow that my reach for my
goal net and you think it's so bad but
really you're so sad or Phillies I'm
Toback silly dumb so past the limit the
legal limit wait a minute to the be no
limit stop freestyling or I'm trying to
read a minute so far in the game with
the oseon spinach I plant a seed and I
send it I'm gonna be up in the I'm
indeed not fitted with a plotter beam
for the rich until I be the richest
shitting on the midgets until i get my
bridge we are back into session so
active aggressive hacking a weapon stop
asking the question if I'm never gonna
quit cuz you might catch from inside of
the back room with your bitch playing
with the giver isn't sucking on the tit
stropping the sick flow for most kids
who don't know any obviously ain't
nothing but effective reducing belonging
here's some dudes are so funny when it
comes to the spitting and grabs it wraps
in a battle producing other's buttons in
my don't need to mention who seizes so
back freest or a gas raps that's getting
a gold lexus will saxon math my
blast him lead you inside the grass with
no cash like dad's funny
yeah yeah
scrilla welcome to california where the
thugs don't play and we smoke that runs
like every day zigbee still street seat
gangster song and it's happy on the
block till three in the mountain pass me
that I hit this shit right out the
ballpark I've always been a player
pimpin bitches up in walmart is near my
boys drinking whiskey on the golf cart
making some noise and getting tits until
we all bark they later on that same day
I met this bitch that I nothing on her
back on her tactics and Gemini homes
can't throw me off track though I
improvised it'll make real tall stacks
and that I emphasize it free calls back
pimping enterprise it is 12 x dog and
then i minimize but i ain't trusting
none of these hoses many zeros of take
these bitches do you up a quick Bo
announcer shape so I ain't feeling no
remorse followers I break I tell them I
wait on the boards were like to see my
cake and yep the balls up in my corsa
man and if I may go against asthmatic
that'd be a big mistake you let's count
for you where's Cole shit and then
represent all the way from classes bill
down the set
all the way down to the bay and they
don't stop there muhfuckas goes on when
I got it one man you sound ways they
travel a maximum velocity